Blog - Everything You Need to Know about Bazel Query (#485)
earthly/website: blog/_posts/2023-06-20-bazel-query.md

~~~{.bash caption=">_"}
bazel query "allrdeps(//node/some_component:component_target)" \
--universe_scope=//node:parent_target --order_output=no
~~~

In this case, the `allrdeps` function finds all the reverse dependencies of `component_target` using the flag `--universe_scope` to instruct Bazel to preload the transitive closure of `parent_target` and evaluate the query within that scope. This allows you to find the reverse dependencies of a component across projects, which might not normally be possible through the `rdeps` function if the dependency was used outside of the scope that it was defined.

## Bazel Query Examples

Now that you know more about Bazel queries in general, take a look at a few examples that run queries in a project using this [basic Node.js app created with Bazel](https://earthly.dev/blogbuild-nodejs-app-with-bazel/).

This Bazel workspace has a `//apps/node_web` Bazel target. If you want to find direct and transitive dependencies of the target, run the following code to find the `deps` query of a rule:

~~~{.bash caption=">_"}
bazel query "deps(//apps/node_web)"
~~~

> 
> > **Please note:** Targets that `//apps/node_web` depend on are part of the result of this query, even though you didn't include their labels in your build query. It explains the Bazel query soundness concept.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="notice--info">
Targets that `//apps/node_web` depend on are part of the result of this query, even though you didn't include their labels in your build query. It explains the Bazel query soundness concept.
</div>
```
